docs: Configure updating the Bvfs cache frequently (#241)
bareos/bareos: docs/manuals/source/IntroductionAndTutorial/InstallingBareosWebui.rst

   ; Default: none
   labelpooltype=scratch

   [restore]
   ; Restore tree node loading timeout after n milliseconds
   ; Default: 120000 milliseconds

>    node_loading_timeout=120000

Reviewer: Pls. refer to PR#240 for naming of the parameter.

.. _section-updating-bvfs-cache-frequently:

Configure updating the Bvfs cache frequently
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The restore module in the |webui| makes use of the Bvfs API and for example the :bcommand:`.bvfs_update` command to
generate or update the Bvfs cache for jobs that are not already in the cache.

In case of larger backup jobs with lots of files that are not already in the cache, this could lead to timeouts
while trying to load the file tree in the |webui|. That is why we highly recommend to update the Bvfs cache frequently.

This can be accomplished by the Run Script directive of a Job Resource.

> Following is an example how to run the cache update process in a RunScript after the catalog backup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code snipped is an example how to run the cache update process in a RunScript after the catalog backup.
```

.. code-block:: bareosconfig
  Job {
    Name = "BackupCatalog"
    Level = Full
    Fileset = "Catalog"
    Schedule = "WeeklyCycleAfterBackup"
    JobDefs = "DefaultJob"
    WriteBootstrap = "|/usr/sbin/bsmtp -h localhost -f "(Bareos) " -s "Bootstrap for Job %j" root@localhost"
    Priority = 100
    run before job = "/usr/lib/bareos/scripts/make_catalog_backup.pl MyCatalog"
    run after job = "/usr/lib/bareos/scripts/delete_catalog_backup"
    Run Script {
      Console = ".bvfs_update"
      RunsWhen = After
      RunsOnClient = No
    }

.. note::
  We do not provide a list of Jobs specified in the *JobId* command argument so the directory cache is computed
  for all jobs not already in the cache.

As an alternative to the method above the Bvfs cache can be updated after each job run by using the Run Script directive as well.

.. code-block:: bareosconfig
  Job {
    Name = "backup-client-01"
    Client = "client-01.example.com"
    JobDefs = "DefaultJob"
    Run Script {
      Console = ".bvfs_update jobid=%i"
      RunsWhen = After
      RunsOnClient = No
    }
  }

.. note::

>   We do provide a specific JobId in the *JobId* command argument in this example. The cache update will be computed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  We do provide a specific JobId in the *JobId* command argument in this example. The placeholder %i will be computed
```

  for this specific JobId.

Upgrade from 18.2.6 to 18.2.7
-----------------------------

Configuration changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The configuration file :file:`configuration.ini` of the |webui| shipped with Bareos 18.2.7 introduced a new configuration
parameter called :config:option:`node_loading_timeout`. The default value is 120 seconds if not set explicitly.

The |webui| triggers a Bvfs cache update automatically if  required to be able to display the requested file tree.
The configuration parameter has been introduced because in case of larger backup jobs with lots of files
which are not already present in the Bvfs cache you could run into timeouts while trying to load the file tree
in the restore module of the |webui|.

> If you have trouble with running into timeouts while loading the tree you can adjust the parameter :config:option:`node_loading_timeout`

Reviewer: see above for naming of the timeout parameter
